Anyway.
You helped me once.
I don't want to touch you.
Go by yourself
Move me, it's up to you
Not bad, just me, little brat
I'm not afraid of the wind flashing my tongue
Since you are courting death yourself
Then I will fulfill you
Give it to me I want his life
Even a bitch like you dares to miss us
Miss boy
Be smart in the next life
Don't think about toads eating swan meat
Lao Li
roll
How did you suddenly know such powerful martial arts?
It has nothing to do with you.
If you don't want to die, get out
Boy, do you think it's great to know some martial arts?
You are far worse than me
Want to be arrogant
Block my punch first
Hahaha, I thought you really wanted Salted Fish to turn over
I didn't expect it to be just a bluff
Still a piece of crap
I, Li Yuyang, have clear grievances in my life
You helped me yesterday.
Today I'm going to give you a punch
Well, now it's time to settle our accounts
pretend
I will send you to see the king of hell now
Righteousness is unparalleled